r/aws_sns_topic_subscription: ignore `AuthorizationError` for `ListSubscriptionByTopic` operations (#42117)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-aws: .changelog/42117.txt

```release-note:bug

> resource/aws_service_thing: Ignore `AuthorizationError` exceptions for `ListSubscriptionByTopic` operations. This fixes a regression introduced in [`v5.94.0`](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-aws/pull/42093).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
resource/aws_sns_topic_subscription: Ignore `AuthorizationError` exceptions for `ListSubscriptionByTopic` operations. This fixes a regression introduced in [`v5.94.0`](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-aws/pull/42093).
```
